shall we begin uploading actually a
separate video of those caprices and a
couple other Chevrolet's and i know
there's a lot of guys out there besides
me that really liked the caprese
classics so I look for that video those
cars were real nice especially the 89 so
I know there's a lot of interest and so
I'm going to be uploading that one
separately so look for it
another victim of the cash for clunkers
it's an 89 Caprice Brougham July 29th
like something they really cared for
this car at one time engine is pretty
clean interior is immaculate well they
somebody made these some parts even has
its original brand-new car sticker from
bit off Chevrolet and that's how I know
it's original because bit off Chevrolet
closed about 1991 or so this cars in 89
so that's been there since the car is
new it's that temporary paperwork you
get before you get your plates first
sold August 5th of 89 brand new off the
what
always going to drivers see this perfect
and that passenger seat not a mark on
that seat says 39,000 miles that cannot
be more than 139 judging by the
condition of the car overall somebody
just clunker dit waist up a good car
Chevrolet Caprice Classic Wagon anybody
guess what earrings well it's an 85
seats are immaculate the door panels are
pizza
somebody took the cornering lights
already
here's an 81 El Camino it's pretty tore
up
citation
flame over both
this car looks like the the old scope in
my cash for clunkers video when there I
went to that lot behind that chain-link
fence
this car looks like it have to check it
out when I go
you